Etiquette: +10 bonus on Interaction Skill Tests (charm, command, deceive, intimidate) when dealing with high authority and in formal situations.

Peer (Nobility) & Peer (Underworld) & Peer (Academics): +10 bonus to all Fellowship Tests when interacting with the chosen group.

Xenophile: You gain a bonus of +10 to Fellowship Tests when dealing with alien races or cultures. You suffer a –5 penalty to Willpower Tests involving alien artefacts and alien psychic powers.

Decadence: When drinking alcohol or similar beverages, he does not pass out until he has failed a number of Toughness Tests equal to twice his Toughness Bonus. The character also gains a +10 bonus to resist the effects of addiction.

Brook No Insult: You will allow no serious offence to your honour and person or those under your protection to pass unchallenged, meeting threat with threat and violence with violence. You may take a Willpower Test to avert this if you wish, modified by the provocation and the consequences (set by the GM) of succumbing to your rage.

Vendetta: Every noble house has its sworn enemies and rivals who would do it and its members harm. Even the protection of a Rogue Trader’s mission merely forces those who wish you harm to be a bit more cautious and subtle in exacting their vengeance. As a result, starting noble born characters have powerful enemies, perhaps in the shape of a rival noble house or some other powerful group. The details of these enemies are left to the player and the Game Master to define, working together to create a formidable threat. Whilst they do not dog the character’s steps at every turn, these enemies aim to inconvenience, harm, or kill him whenever he crosses their path. The noble character, of course, is free to return the favour when it’s expedient to do so. ----  Carnelia Serafin

Paranoia: +2 bonus on Initiative rolls, and the GM may secretly Test his Perception to notice hidden threats. The price of his eternal vigilance is a twitchy disposition and the inability to relax.

Seeker of Lore: The Seneschal may spend a Fate Point to automatically succeed at any Ciphers, Lore, or Logic Test. Doing so means that the Test is resolved in the minimum time required. In addition, the Seneschal adds one bonus Degree of Success to any successful Commerce, Inquiry, or Evaluate Test.

Tearing: These weapons roll one extra die for damage, and the lowest result is discarded.

multikey:  +30 bonus to any Security Test when trying to open locks.

synsKin: +10 bonus to Concealment and Silent Move Tests; invisible to the effects of Preysense goggles and Dark Sight

Cameleoline Cloak: +20 bonus to Concealment Tests. If the wearer remains stationary, he counts as being one Range Bracket further away when targeted by ranged weapons

* Autoquill: These scribing devices of arcane appearance allow the user to copy text at an impressive rate with great accuracy. A character with the Trade (Rememberancer) skill can use an auto quill to gain a +10 to their Skill Tests. (not available until rank 4)

Feels No Pain: The mutant cares little for injury or harm. It gains +5 Wounds and the Iron Jaw talent

Iron Jaw: If ever Stunned, a successful Toughness Test allows him to ignore the effects.

Unremarkable: The Explorer has mastered the art of blending into any crowd by adopting its mannerisms. Attempts to notice the character when amongst other people, or attempts to describe him or recall details incur a –20 penalty.
